C-Current Big or Accelerating Quarterly Earnings and Sales per Share
The stocks you select should show a major percentage increase in current quarterly earnings per share 
(the most recently reported quarter) when compared to the prior year’s same quarter.
You should always compare a company’s earnings per share to the same quarter a year earlier, not to the prior quarter, 
to avoid any distortion resulting from seasonality. In other words, you don’t compare the December quarter’s 
earnings per share to the prior September quarter’s earnings per share. Rather, compare the December quarter to the 
December quarter of the previous year for a more accurate evaluation.
Many successful investors use 25% or 30% as their minimum earnings parameter.
Take particular note if the growth of both sales and earnings has accelerated for the last three quarters.
Current quarterly earnings per share should be up a major percentage—25% to 50% at a minimum—over the same quarter the previous year. 
The best companies can show earnings up 100% to 500% or more!

A = Annual Earnings Increases: Look for Big Growth
Select Stocks with 25% to 50% and Higher Annual Earnings Growth Rates
the greatest growth stocks of the past 50 years had ROEs of at least 17%. 
(The really superior growth situations will sport 25% to 50% ROEs.)
The EPS Rating measures a company’s two most recent quarters of earnings growth against the same quarters the year before and 
examines its growth rate over the last three years. The results are then compared with those of all other publicly traded 
companies and rated on a scale from 1 to 99, with 99 being best. An EPS Rating of 99 means a company has outperformed 99% of 
all other companies in terms of both annual and recent quarterly earnings performance.
Primary consideration should be given to whether the rate of change in earnings is substantially increasing or decreasing.

N = Newer Companies, New Products, New Management, New Highs Off Properly Formed Chart Bases
Search for companies that have developed important new products or services, or that have benefited from new management or 
materially improved industry conditions. Then buy their stocks when they are emerging from sound, correctly analyzed price 
consolidation patterns and are close to, or actually making, new price highs on increased volume.

S = Supply and Demand: Big volume Demand at Key Points
Rule 1 for all competent investors and homeowners is never ever borrow more than you can pay back. 
Excessive debt hurts all people, companies, and governments.
Any size capitalization can be bought using the CAN SLIM system. But small-cap stocks will be a lot more volatile. 
From time to time, the market shifts emphasis from small to large caps. Companies buying back their stock in the open 
market and showing stock ownership by management are preferred.

L = Leader or Laggard: Which Is Your Stock?
Buy Among the Best Two or Three Stocks in a Group
The proprietary RS Rating measures the price performance of a given stock against the rest of the market for the past 52 weeks. 
Every stock in the market is assigned a rating from 1 to 99, with 99 being best. An RS Rating of 99 means that the stock 
has outperformed 99% of all other companies in terms of price performance. A RS of 50 means that half of all other stocks
have done better and half have done worse.
From the early 1950s through 2008, the average RS Rating of the best-performing stocks before their major run-ups was 87. 
In other words, the best stocks were already doing better than nearly 9 out of 10 others when they were starting out on
their most explosive advance yet. So the rule for those who are determined to be big winners in the stock market is: 
look for the genuine leaders and avoid laggards and sympathy plays. Don’t buy stocks with Relative Strength Ratings 
in the 40s, 50s, or 60s.
It seldom pays to invest in laggard stocks, even if they look tantalizingly cheap. Look for, 
and confine your purchases to, market leaders. Get out of your laggard losers if you’re down 8% 
below the price you paid so that you won’t risk getting badly hurt.

I = Institutional Sponsorship
buy only those stocks that have at least a few institutional sponsors with better-than-average recent performance
records and that have added institutional owners in recent quarters.
